Document that we prefer the `.hyper` file extension (#39)
tableau/hyper-db: website/docs/guides/hyper_file/create_update.md

The script consist of 3 high-level steps:

1. Start a Hyper process. The [`HyperProcess`](../../hyper-api/hyper_process)

> 2. Create a connection to the `.hyper` file. Since we create the [`Connection`](../../hyper-api/connection) class with the `CreateMode.CREATE_AND_REPLACE`, the `.hyper` will be automatically created if doesn't exist yet, and will be overwritten if a file with that name already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a connection to the `.hyper` file. Since we create the [`Connection`](../../hyper-api/connection) class with the `CreateMode.CREATE_AND_REPLACE`, the `.hyper` file will be automatically created if it does not exist yet, and will be overwritten if a file with that name already exists.
```
